Describe metadata-only messages (#1060)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-impl.md

Protocols that provide the framing (such as length-value protocols, or protocols that use delimiters) may support Message sizes that do not fit within a single datagram. Each Message for framing protocols corresponds to a single frame, which may be sent either as a complete Message in the underlying protocol, or in multiple parts.

> Messages themselves generally consist of bytes intended to be process at an application layer. However, Message objects presented through the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Messages themselves generally consist of bytes intended to be processed at an application layer. However, Message objects presented through the API
```

> Messages themselves generally consist of bytes intended to be processed at an application layer. However, Message objects presented through the API

Author: ```suggestion
Messages themselves generally consist of bytes passed in the messageData parameter intended to be processed at an application layer. However, Message objects presented through the API
```

> can carry associated Message Properties. When these are Protocol Specific Properties, they can include metadata that exists separately from a byte

Author: ```suggestion
can carry associated Message Properties passed through the messageContext parameter.
When these are Protocol Specific Properties, they can include metadata that exists separately from a byte
```

encoding. For example, these Properties can include name-value pairs of information, like HTTP header fields. In such cases, Messages might be "empty",

> insofar as they contain zero bytes of raw data, but can still include metadata that is interpreted by the Protocol Stack.

Reviewer 2: is "raw" the correct word here? Is this better as /they contain zero bytes of raw data/they contain no data to be processed at the application layer/

Author: ```suggestion
insofar as they contain zero bytes in the messageData parameter, but can still include data in the messageContext that is interpreted by the Protocol Stack.
```
